Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D'S"!
THERE YOU ARE, GUYS;
WHAT ARE YOU DOIN'?
TODAY IS TEAM
UNICORN'S SECOND MATCH.
IT'S STARTING IN
LIKE FIVE MINUTES!
ACCORDING TO THE BREAKDOWNS,
THEY'RE UP AGAINST
TEAM CATASTROPHE.
THAT'S WHO WE'RE
UP AGAINST NEXT.
LET'S GO WATCH
THE UNICORNS BATTLE
SO WE CAN CHECK OUT
CATASTROPHE'S STRATEGIES
AND TAKE NOTES;
WHADDYA SAY?
I'M ALWAYS UP FOR
WATCHING A GOOD DUEL.
♪
THOSE ARE
TEAM UNICORN'S RUNNERS!
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE;
WHAT HAPPENED?
Yusei: HOW ARE THEY, BREO?
Breo: THEY'RE GONNA BE OK.
I COULDN'T BRING
MYSELF TO BELIEVE
THAT JEAN AND ANDRE
WOULD RANDOMLY CRASH
IN THE SAME DUEL, SO I
CHECKED THE DATA CHIP.
HERE'S JEAN'S RUNNER AT
THE TIME OF HIS ACCIDENT...
ONE SECOND HIS
WHEELS WERE SPINNING
AND THE NEXT SECOND,
THEY WEREN'T.
A SUDDEN UNEXPECTED WHEEL LOCK
WOULD EXPLAIN HIS
LOSS OF CONTROL.
BUT WHAT EXPLAINS THE
SUDDEN UNEXPECTED WHEEL LOCK?
I THINK TEAM
CATASTROPHE'S BEHIND THIS!
SO DO I.
YOU GUYS NEED TO BE CAREFUL
WHEN YOU'RE ON YOUR RUNNERS.
THEY ALREADY GOT TO CROW...
THEY MAY TRY TO GET TO
SOMEONE ELSE ON THE TEAM.
Yusei: OH, NO.
All: AKIZA'S IN DANGER!
♪
[GRUNTS]
AAH, UHH!
I SUMMON ROSE TENTACLES!
AH!
HUH; WHY DIDN'T
ITS POWER ACTIVATE?
♪
TWO DOWN AND TWO TO GO.
Yusei: I JUST SPOKE
WITH AKIZA'S PARENTS.
SHE'S PRETTY BANGED UP,
BUT SHE'LL BE OKAY.
AND WHAT ABOUT YOU, BRUNO?
WERE YOU ABLE TO GET
HER RUNNER'S DATA?
IT'S THE SAME
AS THE OTHERS.
HER WHEELS DEFINITELY
LOCKED UP ALL OF A SUDDEN.
MC: HERE WE GO!
KICKING THINGS OFF
FOR TEAM 5D'S IS CROW!
HE'LL BE GOING UP AGAINST
TEAM CATASTROPHE'S HERMAN!
♪
I ACTIVATE HOOK THE HIDDEN
KNIGHT'S SPECIAL ABILITY...
SHADOW HOOK!
THE BEST PART OF
THIS SPECIAL ABILITY
IS THAT WHEN HOOK
THE HIDDEN KNIGHT
SWITCHES INTO DEFENSE MODE,
YOU GET KNOCKED WITH
800 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
IT LOOKS LIKE CROW
IS WAVERING OUT THERE.
HE'S LOSING CONTROL!
IS THIS TEAM UNICORN
ALL OVER AGAIN?
[GASP]
♪
Crow: WHAT WAS THAT JUST NOW?
IT LOOKED LIKE...
HUH?
THAT'S IT!
WHO ARE THESE GUYS THAT
THEY'VE GOT A POWER LIKE THAT?
♪
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS
ITSELF INTO OUR LIVES ♪♪
♪
Crow, thinking:
SO HOOK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT'S
BEEN MAKING EVERYONE WIPE OUT.
IT SOMEHOW SINKS ITS HOOKS
INTO THE BACK WHEEL,
AND IT'S ALL OVER.
[GROANS]
AND WITH MY ARM
FEELING LIKE IT DOES...
I'VE GOTTA DO
MY PART QUICK
AND THEN FIND A
WAY TO DUCK OUT.
I PLACE FOUR CARDS
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN!
♪
IS IT JUST ME OR IS CROW
RUSHING ALL HIS MOVES?
HIS SHOULDER MUST BE
GETTING THE BEST OF HIM.
HEH; THAT'S ALL
CROW'S GOT?
HE CAN LAY ALL
THE TRAPS HE WANTS,
BUT AS LONG AS WE HAVE
HOOK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT,
THIS DUEL IS OURS!
I AM NOT
MISSING THIS TIME.
CROW IS GOIN' DOWN!
♪
I'M SWITCHING
HOOK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT
INTO ATTACK MODE.
AND NEXT I'M SUMMONING
DARK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT!
♪
HOPE YOU'RE READY TO SHED
A FEW MORE LIFE POINTS, CROW,
BECAUSE DARK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT
CAN ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
♪
IS HE OKAY?
AND NOW HIDDEN
KNIGHT'LL BE ATTACKIN'
YOUR LITTLE BIRDIE
AND THEN YOU!
GO, EVIL HOOK!
THIS IS IT!
♪
GET READY, CROW!
HOOK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT
IS GONNA CLIP YOUR WINGS!
GO, EVIL HOOK!
♪
[GRUNTS]
HE DODGED IT AGAIN?
THAT WAS MORE THAN LUCK!
IT HAD TO BE!
DOES HE KNOW
ABOUT THE HOOK?
NICE WORK!
[GRUNTING]
LUCKY RUNT!
MC: WE MAY HAVE HAD SOME
WIBBLE-WOBBLE FROM CROW,
BUT LUCKILY, HE MANAGED
TO STAY UPRIGHT!
I'M PLACIN' A CARD
FACEDOWN AND ENDING MY TURN.
♪
DID YOU GUYS
SEE THAT?
YEAH.
ONLY I'M NOT QUITE
SURE WHAT I SAW.
HOW IS THAT HOOK
COMING OUT OF THE GROUND?
[GRUNTING]
Jack: HE CAN'T KEEP DUELING
WITH HIS SHOULDER LIKE THAT.
GET HIM TO MAKE
A PIT STOP, LEO!
I'M ON IT!
MC: CROW'S GETTING
THE PITSTOP PENNANT!
MUST BE SOMETHING
WRONG WITH HIS RUNNER!
HEY, CROW;
GET OFF THE TRACK!
YOU'RE IN NO
CONDITION TO DUEL!
NO WAY!
I'M NOT PULLING OFF UNTIL
I DESTROY THIS MONSTER!
♪
Jack: YOU DOLT!
MC: DISSENSION AMONG THE RANKS!
CROW HAS IGNORED HIS
TEAM'S PIT STOP PENNANT.
HE'S GOING FOR ANOTHER ROUND!
WHAT CAN WE DO?
AT THIS POINT,
WE DO NOTHING.
WE'VE JUST GOTTA
TRUST OUR FRIEND.
THAT FOOL,
HIS STUBBORNNESS
IS GONNA COST US!
♪
IT'S MY TURN,
AND I DRAW!
♪
FIRST I ACTIVATE...
THE BLACKBACK TRAP!
THIS TRAP LETS ME DIRECTLY
SUMMON A BLACKWING MONSTER
WITH LESS THAN 2,000 ATTACK
POINTS FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
SIROCCO THE DAWN
RETURNS TO THE FIELD!
AND HE WON'T BE ALONE FOR LONG
'CAUSE WHEN A BLACKWING
MONSTER IS ON MY FIELD--
I CAN SUMMON GALE THE WHIRLWIND
DIRECTLY FROM MY HAND!
NEXT I ACTIVATE GALE THE
WHIRLWIND'S SPECIAL ABILITY!
ONCE A TURN, GALE CAN
CUT YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK AND DEFENSE
POINTS IN HALF!
AND NOW, WITH HOOK
THE HIDDEN KNIGHT'S
ATTACK POINTS REDUCED,
GALE THE WHIRLWIND
IS SWOOPING IN
FOR A BLACK SCRATCH ATTACK!
♪
BUT WON'T ATTACKING
HOOK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT
TRIGGER THAT SPOOKY
HOOK THING AGAIN?
YOU'RE ASKIN' FOR IT.
YOU DON'T LEARN FROM
YOUR MISTAKES DO YA?
JUST LIKE BEFORE, WHEN
HOOK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT
IS IN ATTACK MODE
AND BECOMES THE
TARGET OF AN ATTACK,
IT SWITCHES ITSELF AND
FORCES THE ATTACKING MONSTER
INTO DEFENSE MODE!
AND ALSO JUST LIKE BEFORE,
YOU GET A JAW-JARRING
800 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
♪
[GROANING]
[GASPS]
♪
[GRUNTS]
NO FAIR; HE DODGED
THE HOOK AGAIN.
HOW IS HE DOING THIS?
WHY WOULD CROW ATTACK?
DIDN'T HE KNOW IT WOULD
SWITCH MODES LIKE THAT?
OF COURSE HE KNEW THAT
IT WOULD SWITCH, LEO.
HE WAS COUNTING ON IT.
HUH?
HOOK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT
CAN'T BE DEFEATED
WHILE IT'S IN ATTACK MODE.
BUT NOW THAT
CROW'S SWITCHED IT,
IT'S A DIFFERENT STORY.
SO CROW TOOK A HIT
TO MAKE THAT MONSTER
VULNERABLE TO ATTACK?
Yusei: YEP.
NOW SIROCCO THE DAWN
ATTACK HOOK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT!
DARK WING SLASH!
NICE TRY, CROW!
BUT I ACTIVATE
DARK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
NOW BY GETTING RID
OF MY DARK KNIGHT,
MY HIDDEN KNIGHT SWITCHES
BACK TO ATTACK MODE
AND SURVIVES YOUR ATTACK.
♪
UH--HOPE THIS WAS
PART OF CROW'S PLAN.
NOW I ACTIVATE HOOK
THE HIDDEN KNIGHT'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
♪
HERE IT COMES!
[SNICKER]
LOOK OUT, CROW!
AGH!
♪
[ALL GASP]
[GASP]
DO YOU SEE THAT?
♪
THAT MONSTER'S PHYSICAL
FORM HAS BEEN HIDING
IN THE SHADOW
THIS WHOLE TIME!
[GASP]
HMPH, I AM SO ON TO YOU
AND YOUR LITTLE TRICK, HERMAN.
Herman: MAYBE, BUT YOU'RE STILL
TAKIN' 800 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
AND YOUR ATTACK STILL
FAILED TO CONNECT!
OH, NO...
I'M NOT DONE!
I SEND BLACKWING--
ETESIAN OF TWO SWORDS
FROM MY HAND
TO MY GRAVEYARD
TO ACTIVATE ITS
SPECIAL ABILITY!
SEE, WHEN A BLACKWING FAILS
TO DESTROY A MONSTER IN BATTLE,
THIS ABILITY MAKES UP FOR
IT BY DISHING OUT DAMAGE
EQUAL TO MY SIROCCO'S
ATTACK POINTS.
UGH!
MC: NOW THAT'S WHAT I
CALL CALCULATED OFFENSE!
CROW TOOK 1600
POINTS OF DAMAGE
IN ORDER TO SLAM HIS OPPONENT
WITH A WHOPPING
2,000 POINTS OF HURT!
ALL RIGHT, CROW!
WHAT DO WE DO NOW?
KEEP YOUR COOL!
SO HERMAN TOOK
SOME DAMAGE, SO WHAT?
CROW'S ONLY GOT
800 LIFE POINTS LEFT.
HE WON'T SURVIVE
WHAT'S COMING NEXT.
I NOW ACTIVATE MY
TRAP--URGENT TUNING!
WITH THE POWER
OF URGENT TUNING,
I CAN SYNCHRO SUMMON
ONE SYNCHRO MONSTER
DURING THE BATTLE PHASE!
I DON'T THINK SO!
NOT WITH MY
SHADOW CONCEALING
DARKNESS TRAP IN PLAY!
WITH THIS,
MONSTERS IN DEFENSE MODE
CANNOT BE DESTROYED IN BATTLE!
GUESS I'LL JUST HAVE
TO TUNE GALE THE WHIRLWIND
WITH SIROCCO THE DAWN THEN!
I HOPE YOU'RE READY FOR
SOME SHOCK AND AWE, HERMAN.
'CAUSE I'M SYNCHRO SUMMONING--
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON!
[ROARING]
♪
SWEET; CROW WAS ABLE
TO BUST OUT
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON!
BUT WHY IS IT
IN DEFENSE MODE?
HUH?
♪
HEH; YOU KNOW
YOU CAN'T WIN,
SO YOU'RE BEEFING UP
YOUR DEFENSE.
WHAT KINDA DUELIST
DO YOU THINK I AM?
I ACTIVATE THE DEFENDERS
INTERSECT TRAP CARD!
DURING THE BATTLE PHASE,
THIS TRAP CAN NEGATE
THE SPECIAL ABILITY
OF ONE MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE ON
EACH OF OUR FIELDS
AND FORCE BOTH MONSTERS
INTO ATTACK MODE.
PERFECT; NOW
HERMAN CAN'T USE
HOOK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
AND WITH HIS DRAGON
NOW IN ATTACK MODE,
CROW CAN STRIKE!
♪
TWENTY-EIGHT HUNDRED
ATTACK POINTS?
CROW'S GOT THAT JERK
RIGHT WHERE HE WANTS HIM!
THIS ATTACK WILL
FINISH HIM OFF!
Crow: HERE WE GO...
THIS TAKEDOWN
ISN'T JUST FOR ME...
THIS IS FOR JEAN...
AND ANDRE...AND AKIZA.
♪
[ROARS]
THAT DRAGON OF HIS
IS LOOKING PRETTY UNHAPPY!
OH, MAN...
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON
IS GONNA DEMOLISH
YOUR HOOK
THE HIDDEN KNIGHT!
GO, BLACK-WINGED
BURST!
♪
HERMAN!
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP--
THE TRAP--
[GROANING]
♪
MC: IT'S OVER!
CROW HAS REACHED
INTO THE JAWS OF DEFEAT
AND SEIZED A VICTORY!
THE DUEL NOW JUMPS
TO THE END PHASE!
AW, YEAH!
I'M NOT LETTIN' IT
END LIKE THIS!
I ACTIVATE THE REVIVAL
KNIGHT TRAP CARD!
BY USING THIS CARD
DURING THE END PHASE,
I CAN NOW RE-SUMMON MY
HOOK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT
TO THE FIELD IN DEFENSE MODE!
♪
[GRUMBLES]
HEH, HEH!
YOU AIN'T NEVER GONNA
DESTROY THIS MONSTER!
NOW TAKE THIS!
TAKE THE POWER
OF A SHADOW CARD!
WHAT IN THE WORLD?
A SHADOW CARD?
[GASPS]
♪
[GASP]
LOOK OUT!
GO, GRAVITY COLLAPSE!
NOW BY SENDING
ONE SYNCHRO MONSTER
ON MY FIELD TO THE GRAVEYARD,
THIS CARD GIVES ME
ALL THE POWER I NEED
TO GIVE THE HOOK TO YOUR
HOOK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT!
NO, NO!
DOES THAT MEAN--
I THINK IT DOES.
[THINKING] I'VE GOTTA
DESTROY THIS MONSTER...
NO MATTER WHAT!
EVEN IF IT MEANS SACRIFICING
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON!
♪
[ROARS]
AGH!
THAT'S HOW YA DO IT!
NOW THESE CHEATERS
DON'T STAND A CHANCE!
OUR PRECIOUS HOOK
THE HIDDEN KNIGHT...
THIS ISN'T OVER...
[THINKING] THAT WAS INCREDIBLE,
CROW PERFECTLY ANTICIPATED
THAT HIS OPPONENT
WAS GONNA RESURRECT
HOOK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT.
I HAD NO IDEA HE WAS
SUCH A STRATEGIST.
UGH, THAT'S IT FOR ME...
♪
MC: WITH 800
LIFE POINTS REMAINING,
CROW MAKES A PIT STOP!
COULD SOMETHING HAVE
HAPPENED TO HIS RUNNER?
TOLD YA I WAS
UP FOR IT.
NICE WORK!
LEAVE THE REST TO ME!
MC: AND JACK ATLAS IS
WHEELING IN FOR TEAM 5D'S!
NOW ACCORDING TO
THE TOURNAMENT RULES,
IF YOU PASS THE BATON
TO THE NEXT RIDER
WHEN YOU HAVE
LIFE POINTS REMAINING,
THOSE LIFE POINTS ARE
NULL, GONE, ZERO, ZIP, NADA!
SO JACK WILL BE STARTING
WITH 4,000 LIFE POINTS!
OOH, FINALLY!
WATCHING JACK DUEL
IS LIKE WATCHING
TRUE POETRY IN MOTION.
HE IS SO DREAMY!
Lester: AW, SO MUCH
FOR YOUR BIG PLAN.
I WONDER WHAT
JAKOB IS GONNA SAY.
[SNICKERS]
♪
I GUESS I MESSED UP, HUH?
[GROWLS]
GIMME THAT ARM BAND!
♪
MC: TEAM CATASTROPHE
IS PASSING THE BATON
TO THEIR SECOND RIDER!
[THINKING] HIDDEN KNIGHT
MAY BE OUT OF COMMISSION...
BUT I'VE GOT ANOTHER
ACE UP MY SLEEVE.
♪
WHAT HAVE YOU GOT,
JACK ATLAS?
MORE THAN YOU!
AFTER ALL, I'M NOT
RELYING ON SHADOW CARDS.
I INTEND TO GIVE
YOU A DEMONSTRATION
ON HOW A REAL
DUELIST WINS!
I CAN'T WAIT!
♪
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
Bruno: ONE
FACEDOWN CARD?
HOPEFULLY JACK DOESN'T
WALK RIGHT INTO THIS ONE.
♪
DO YOU HONESTLY BELIEVE THAT
YOU CAN DEFEAT JACK ATLAS
WITH ONE FACEDOWN CARD?
IT'S MY TURN NOW!
♪
FIRST, I'M SENDING
MY LEVEL 2 DREAD DRAGON
FROM MY HAND
TO MY GRAVEYARD
IN ORDER TO
SUMMON POWER GIANT!
♪
Duel runner computer:
POWER GIANT IS A LEVEL 6
EARTH ATTRIBUTE
ROCK TYPE MONSTER
WITH 2200 ATTACK POINTS
AND 0 DEFENSE POINTS.
THE STIPULATION
OF THIS SPECIAL SUMMONING
IS THAT I MUST NOW LOWER
POWER GIANT'S LEVEL BY TWO...
BUT THAT'S NO MATTER.
IT STILL PACKS
PLENTY OF PUNCH.
GO, POWER GIANT;
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP CARD;
IT'S DOOM RAY!
WHEN YOUR MONSTER
ATTACKS ME DIRECTLY,
BOTH OF US TAKE
800 POINTS OF DAMAGE
FOR EVERY SINGLE CARD
I HAVE IN MY HAND!
HE'S GOT FIVE CARDS
IN HIS HANDS,
SO WE'RE TALKING, LIKE...
OKAY, CARRY
THE ZERO AND UH...
IT'S 4,000!
WHY DO YOU ALWAYS
DO THAT, LUNA?
I WAS GONNA GET THERE;
I WAS LIKE SECONDS AWAY!
YOU'RE GONNA END
THIS JUST LIKE THAT?
THAT IS RIGHT, FRIEND!
AND IF YOU THOUGHT OUR
LAST TRICK WAS NASTY...
WAIT UNTIL YOU
SEE THIS ONE!
JUST WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
HOOK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT
ISN'T THE ONLY SHADOW CARD
OUT THERE, YOU KNOW.
HUH?
WHOA, ANOTHER
SHADOW CARD?
HOW MANY OF THESE
THINGS DO THEY HAVE?
Leo and Luna:
WHAT'S THIS ONE GONNA DO?
[GROANING]
♪
[CHUCKLING]
[GROANS]
♪
[YELLING]
WHAT IS THAT?
Both: HANG ON!
♪
Nicolas: WHAT IN THE WORLD?
NO WAY, NOT ME!
HIM, JUST HIM!
I HAVE NO FURTHER USE
FOR YOU, HUMAN...
[GROANING]
♪
OH, MAN...
I'M ACTIVATING POWER
GIANT'S SPECIAL ABILITY!
WHEN THIS MONSTER
GOES INTO BATTLE,
IT CAN NEGATE ALL
COUNTER-EFFECT DAMAGE!
♪
ARGH!
[GASP]
♪
-WHAT IN THE WORLD?
-WAS THAT JACK'S?
Both: NO, IT CAN'T BE!
SAY IT ISN'T SO!
♪
IT TAKES MORE THAN
A LITTLE PARLOR TRICK
TO DRAG A TRUE CHAMPION DOWN!
[CHEERING]
Leo and Luna: YEAH!
[LAUGHING]
♪
IT'S OVER!
NICOLAS'S RUNNER TOOK
SOME SERIOUS DAMAGE!
HE CAN'T PASS THE BATON
TO THE NEXT DUELIST.
WITH TWO BACK-TO-BACK VICTORIES,
TEAM 5D'S ADVANCES
TO THE FINALS!
[CROWD CHEERING]
♪
YOU SAVED MY LIFE,
WHY DID YOU DO THIS?
YOU'RE A LOUSY CHEAT;
AND YOU'RE A LOUSY DUELIST.
AND I WANT YOU TO LIVE
WITH THAT FOR A WHILE.
WHAT KIND OF A DUELIST WOULD
HURT PEOPLE TO GET AHEAD?
A DUEL IS A CLASH
BETWEEN TWO SPIRITS
FIRING ON ALL CYLINDERS.
IT'S NOT A CHEAP CONTEST
OF 'WHATEVER-IT-TAKES!'
IF YOU DON'T BELIEVE IN
YOURSELF, THEN GO HOME
AND LEAVE THE DUELING
TO THE DUELISTS.
Leo and Luna: YEAH!
[LAUGHING]
WAY TO GO!
[THINKING] SHADOW CARDS...
IS THIS WHAT I HAVE
BEEN LOOKING FOR?
IS THIS THE LINK TO ILIASTER?
Lester: POOR PRIMO...
ALWAYS TRYING TO
HATCH ELABORATE SCHEMES
ONLY TO DROP THE EGGS
AND BREAK THEM.
[CACKLES]
HUH, PRIMO,
WHERE DID YA GO?
♪
GO, MY DUEL BOTS!
WITH THE POWER OF THE SHADOWS
FUELING YOUR MISSION,
SEND THIS CITY
SPIRALING INTO CHAOS!
♪